Documentation/contribution section (#221)
vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk: contributing/README.md

# Contributing

Before you start contributing to the project, you should familiarize yourself with the [documentation](vmware.github.io/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/),
[issue tracker](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/issues), [project structure](index.md),

> and basic functioning of every component.

Reviewer: Rather than `every component`, it would be better to provide a specific list of pages someone should review.

# Contributing

> Contributing to the project does not necessarily require familiarity with every component. To find a quick breakdown
> of the smaller parts of this project, consult the [index](index.md), which breaks down the SDK Structure into small
> components and references to help contributors find the necessary references without having to go in-depth into the
> project's overall structure. For a more in-depth breakdown of the project structure, it would be beneficial for you
> to have a look at the [documentation](vmware.github.io/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/),
> [issue tracker](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/issues),
> [project structure](index.md), and basic functioning of every component.

Reviewer 2: This is better, but now seems a bit wordy and redundant in places. It also links to the same page for a detailed breakdown as the overview page. Since we don't really have any more detailed information than what's linked from the index, I think contacting us is the best option. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Contributing to the project does not necessarily require familiarity with every component. The [index page](index.md) explains the project structure and links to some high-level project documentation. If you require detailed information not covered here, please open a [discussion](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/discussions/new?category=general)
```

# Contributing

Contributing to the project does not necessarily require familiarity with every component. To find a quick breakdown
of the smaller parts of this project, consult the [index](index.md), which breaks down the SDK Structure into small
components and references to help contributors find the necessary references without having to go in-depth into the
project's overall structure. For a more in-depth breakdown of the project structure, it would be beneficial for you
to have a look at the [documentation](vmware.github.io/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/),
[issue tracker](https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/issues),

> [project structure](index.md), and basic functioning of every component.

Reviewer: we shouldn't suggest that someone needs to look at every component to make a contribution.

Reviewer 2: Yup, see my suggestion here: https://github.com/vmware/vmware-aria-operations-integration-sdk/pull/221#discussion_r1256325624
